Digital guardian Bug (#34920)
demisto/content: Packs/DigitalGuardian/ReleaseNotes/1_1_5.md

#### Integrations

##### Digital Guardian

> - Fixed an issue where *fetch-incidents* command did not handle empty response gracefully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-incidents*** command did not handle empty responses gracefully.
```

##### Digital Guardian ARC Event Collector

> - Fixed an issue where *Fetch-events* command did not handle empty response gracefully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***Fetch-events*** command did not handle empty responses gracefully.
```
